Welcome to SplitIndex, the TeX index splitter. SplitIndex creates
multiple index files from one raw index. See manifest.txt if you want
to know the files SplitIndex exists of.

There are a lot of alternatives in using SplitIndex, because I wanted
solutions at every platform. Not all of the programs are distributed
in binary form. But splitindex.tex will work at every platform. And you
need only TeX (even not LaTeX) to run it.

Currently I support binaries for the following platforms:

	  Linux ELF i386, OpenBSD 3.0 i386, CygWIN Windows 32 Bit i386

If you need support, you can write me a mail. Use

   To: splitindex <komascript(at)gmx.info>
   Subject: SPLITINDEX: <YourProblem>

And replace <YourProblem> by a short (at least 60 chars) description
of your problem.

See file install.txt for a description how to install this
distribution and how to get the manual, which describes how to use
SplitIndex.

LEGALESE:
---------

This work may be distributed and/or modified under the conditions of
the LaTeX Project Public License, version 1.3c of the license.
The latest version of this license is in
  http://www.latex-project.org/lppl.txt
and version 1.3c or later is part of all distributions of LaTeX
version 2005/12/01 or later and of this work.

This work has the LPPL maintenance status "author-maintained".

The Current Maintainer and author of this work is Markus Kohm.

The list of all files belongig to the SplitIndex bundle is given in
in the file `manifest.txt'. Files generated by means of unpacking the
distribution (using, for example, the docstrip program) or by means
of compiling them from a source file, for example, from splitindex.c
or splitindex.java may be distributed at the distributor's discretion.
However if they are distributed then a copy of the SplitIndex bundle
must be distributed together with them.

The list of derived (unpacked or compiled) files belongig to the 
distribution and covered by LPPL is defined by the unpacking scripts 
(with extension .ins) and the installation script (with name 
install.sh) which are part of the distribution.

Two often ignorred clauses from LPPL 1.3c you should not ignore:
----------------------------------------------------------------

2. You may distribute a complete, unmodified copy of the Work as you
   received it.  Distribution of only part of the Work is considered
   modification of the Work, and no right to distribute such a Derived
   Work may be assumed under the terms of this clause.
3. You may distribute a Compiled Work that has been generated from a
   complete, unmodified copy of the Work as distributed under Clause 2
   above, as long as that Compiled Work is distributed in such a way that
   the recipients may install the Compiled Work on their system exactly
   as it would have been installed if they generated a Compiled Work
   directly from the Work.

Enjoy, Markus.
